docs/operator-notes: Note paths that should not be used b/c of switch_root (#1697)
coreos/ignition: docs/operator-notes.md

When resolving paths, Ignition follows symlinks on all but the last element of a path. This ensures existing symlinks on a filesystem can be overwritten while still following symlinks as expected. When writing files, links, or directories, Ignition does not allow following symlinks outside the specified filesystem. When writing files, links, or directories on the `root` filesystem, Ignition follows symlinks as if it were executing in that root; a symlink to `/etc` is followed to `/etc` on the `root` filesystem. When writing files, links, or directories to any other filesystem, Ignition fails if it tries to follow a symlink outside that filesystem.

## Making changes to `/proc`, `/sys`, `/dev`, `/tmp` or `/run`

> To create files, directories or symlinks in `/proc`, `/sys` or `/dev`, you should use [sysctl.d config files](https://www.mankier.com/5/sysctl.d) or [udev rules](https://www.mankier.com/7/udev).

Reviewer: I still find this sentence a bit weird because you wouldn't typically want to create files, directories, or symlinks in there in the first place. But fine as is too.

> Similarly, to makes changes under the `/tmp` or `/run` paths, you should use [tmpfiles.d config files](https://www.mankier.com/5/tmpfiles.d).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly, to make changes under the `/tmp` or `/run` paths, you should use [tmpfiles.d config files](https://www.mankier.com/5/tmpfiles.d).
```

> 
> ...

Author: ```suggestion

These directories are managed by system services (sysctl, udev, and systemd). Changes under the directories must come from the services' configuration. Otherwise, the services are not aware of the changes, and may ignore or overwrite them.
```

> These directories are managed by system services (sysctl, udev, and systemd). Changes under the directories must come from the services' configuration. Otherwise, the services are not aware of the changes, and may ignore or overwrite them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Those directories are managed by system services (systemd, udev, etc.). Changes under those directories should come from the services' configuration. Otherwise, those services will not be aware of those changes, and may ignore or overwrite them.
```

> Those directories are managed by system services (systemd, udev, etc.). Changes under those directories should come from the services' configuration. Otherwise, those services will not be aware of those changes, and may ignore or overwrite them.

Reviewer: It's even more fundamental than that: those directories on disk are simply mountpoints. At the time Ignition runs, none of those mounts are present, so writing to them will literally write to the disk, which will just be shadowed by the real mounts after switchroot.

Reviewer 2: First, I would like to apologize to @dlipovetsky for the back and forth here as it comes from my initial misunderstanding.

This is what @dlipovetsky had written in a previous version of this PR before I asked to change it: [`b6419e3` (#1697)](https://github.com/coreos/ignition/pull/1697/commits/b6419e33ca939a0d2f3d7712a1e7afc35689a2b2)

If I'm not mistaken, we don't mandate `/tmp` to be a mount point even though it's the most common case right now. But agree that all the other ones are expected to be mount points.

Author: I really appreciate your words, @travier!

> Those directories are managed by system services (systemd, udev, etc.). Changes under those directories should come from the services' configuration. Otherwise, those services will not be aware of those changes, and may ignore or overwrite them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Those paths are expected to be mount points for temporary (`/tmp`) or virtual (`/proc`, `/sys`, `/dev`) filesystems and at the time Ignition runs, none of those paths are mounted. Using Ignition to write to those paths will thus not have the desired effect.
```

When resolving paths, Ignition follows symlinks on all but the last element of a path. This ensures existing symlinks on a filesystem can be overwritten while still following symlinks as expected. When writing files, links, or directories, Ignition does not allow following symlinks outside the specified filesystem. When writing files, links, or directories on the `root` filesystem, Ignition follows symlinks as if it were executing in that root; a symlink to `/etc` is followed to `/etc` on the `root` filesystem. When writing files, links, or directories to any other filesystem, Ignition fails if it tries to follow a symlink outside that filesystem.

> ## Paths That Should Not Be Used
> 
> Do not configure Ignition to create files, directories, or symlinks under the paths `/proc`, `/dev`, `/sys`, `/run`, and `/tmp`, as these files, directories, or symlinks become inaccessible when the machine finishes booting.
> 
> Ignition writes all user-defined files to `/sysroot`. When Ignition is done, the [switch_root](https://www.mankier.com/8/switch_root) operation pivots to `/sysroot` as the machine's root filesystem (`/`), and then moves the already mounted `/proc`, `/dev`, `/sys`, and `/run` filesystems to the root filesystem, effectively hiding any existing files, directories, or symlinks under these paths. The `/tmp` directory is also mounted at this time.
> 
> To make changes under the `/proc`, `/sys`, and `/dev` paths, use [sysctl](https://www.mankier.com/8/sysctl) and [udev](https://www.mankier.com/7/udev).
> 
> To make changes under the `/tmp` and `/run` paths, use [tmpfiles.d](https://www.mankier.com/5/tmpfiles.d).
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Making changes to `/proc`, `/sys`, `/dev`, `/tmp` or `/run`

To create files, directories or symlinks in `/proc`, `/sys` or `/dev`, you should use [sysctl.d config files](https://www.mankier.com/5/sysctl.d) or [udev rules](https://www.mankier.com/7/udev).

Similarly, to makes changes under the `/tmp` or `/run` paths, use [tmpfiles.d config files](https://www.mankier.com/5/tmpfiles.d).

...

```

Author: Thanks for revisiting this! I like your change. I'll commit it.

However, I would like to keep a note that explains _why_ users need to take a different approach for `/proc`, `/sys`, `/dev`, `/tmp/`, and `/run` than other directories.

I'll add my note as a suggested change. You can let me know what you think, or write your own note.
